Taking it for a spin
--------------------

For the brave:

    $ sh scripts/codegen.sh
    $ go build ./...
    $ sh scripts/make-mix.sh
    $ sh scripts/populate-testdata.sh

You should see on screen a warning message asking you to edit
`_output_/testdata/sample_operator_cfg.yaml` to replace adapter
certs. Do it :-)

**Note**. `make-mix.sh`. It only runs on MacOS and Linux but it shouldn't
be impossible to tweak it to make it work on other OSes too.

Start our custom adapter

    $ go run orionadapter/main.go 43210 54321

With the adapter running and waiting for the Mixer server to hook up,
bring up the Mixer server in a new terminal:

    $ sh scripts/run-mixer.sh

Next up is our own test DAPS service. Open up a new term and:

    $ sh scripts/run-mockdaps.sh

Finally you're ready to use the Mixer client to send an IDS header to the
Mixer server. Open a new terminal and run:

    $ export DAPS_JWT=eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImRlZmF1bHQifQ.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.dOnaOtKU6P-UM9xx_xiEaNGQhm6UFdh-AVTmL9Op6_S0LukNOnstkZVLl6yxq077QS-t0lGFjj7ofRL-q6YS2yEfK8JsZ45pynQJz-uIUo85GuHadmtuP-ODHsxFO5-qyzIXcswM8c4aTaJfW6Mi_WZ7hp2yoJPEFhlPPBwHGhExTV_vLmdTEBcGpNdK90j-rcsZSq0K5MOLAVwbQunxoke8b8DZjtIdbOwqm5l7D0banGYfKRUd3r2aFwp2OhcrSb-XeP_kFB9sYZKSimKOJOREJphrTG92XVdFu5Hls3Bwtc7i8QLJwwn-HVHHxWMD2ghzBF0mmGLodvWQNik7ww
    $ sh scripts/send-token.sh "${DAPS_JWT}"

At this point you should be able to see a status of `OK` being returned.
Hang on a minute! What's just happened? The script takes a DAPS JWT as
input, puts it in an IDS template header and sends it to the Mixer which,
in turn, passes the IDS header on to the adapter. On getting the header
value, the adapter validates it and, if everything is hunky-dory, goes
on to requesting an ID token from our local DAPS test service. In the
DAPS terminal, you should be able to see the adapter hitting DAPS with
a request for an ID token.

What's a good header? One that winds up bursting the back of the net?
Yea, that too, but in our case it should

* be well-formed—i.e. a Base64-encoded JSON object;
* contain a valid DAPS JWT—`securityToken.tokenValue` field;
* have a consistent DAPS issuer—the connector ID in the `issuerConnector`
  field should be the same as the subject's common name in the DAPS
  token.

And when is a DAPS JWT valid? When

* the token is well-formed, according the JWT spec;
* it got signed using the private key paired to the RSA 256 public key
  in the adapter's config—see `_output_/testdata/sample_operator_cfg.yaml`;
* the current time falls within the token's `nbf` ("not before" claim)
  and `exp` ("expiry time") bounds—if `nbf` (`exp`) isn't there, set
  the lower (upper) bound to the beginning (end) of time.

So if you call the script with an invalid token:

    $ sh scripts/send-token.sh this.should.fail

you should get a fat permission denied back. Here's another failure
example where we have a valid JWT but the issuer is different than
that in the header

    $ export DAPS_JWT=eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiJ9.e30.QHOtHczHK_bJrgqhXeZdE4xnCGh9zZhp67MHfRzHlUUe98eCup_uAEKh-2A8lCyg8sr1Q9dV2tSbB8vPecWPaB43BWKU00I7cf1jRo9Yy0nypQb3LhFMiXIMhX6ETOyOtMQu1dS694ecdPxMF1yw4rgqTtp_Sz-JfrasMLcxpBtT7USocnJHE_EkcQKVXeJ857JtkCKAzO4rkMli2sFnKckvoJMBoyrObZ_VFCVR5NGnOvSnLMqKrYaLxNHLDL_0Mxy_b8iKTiRAqyNce4tg8Evhqb3rPQcx9kMdwyv_1ggEVKQyiPWa3MkSBvBArgPghbJMcSJVMhtUO8M9BmNMyw
    $ sh scripts/send-token.sh "${DAPS_JWT}"

Now it'd be a good time to decode those tokens we used (try [jwt.io][jwt.io])
to see what's inside and also have a look at the IDS template header
in `send-token.sh` so you have all the pieces of the puzzle.

Another thing the adapter can do for you is authorisation with AuthZ,
we'll touch on that later on. Also worth mentioning that at the moment,
as a stopgap solution to [#24][gh-24], the adapter lets you get a DAPS
ID token with a plain, old HTTP GET. Try this:

    $ curl http://localhost:54321

The response body should be the Base64-encoded JSON object the adapter
got from the mock DAPS service. Have a look at the output on the adapter
and DAPS terminals to see what's going on under the bonnet. When you're
done, you may want to kill (`CTRL-c`) the adapter, mixer, and DAPS
processes and then close all your terminal windows. In fact, after
this sneak peek, we're ready for the main act.




[gh-24]: https://github.com/orchestracities/boost/issues/24
[jwt.io]: https://jwt.io/
