Deploying dummy services
------------------------

Our adapter is supposed to process attributes of messages directed to
Orion. For the sake of testing though, there's no need to deploy Orion
& friends, any dummy HTTP service will do but a better option is `httpbin`
which can echo back HTTP messages too—this will come in handy to e.g.
check the adapter removes IDS token headers before the HTTP request gets
passed down to the target service.

    $ cd $GOPATH/src/orchestracities/boost/
    $ kubectl apply -f deployment/httpbin_service.yaml
    $ kubectl apply -f deployment/ingress_routing.yaml

Another thing the adapter is supposed to do is getting an IDS identity
token from a DAPS service. Again, since we're just testing locally here,
we can get away with deploying our mock DAPS we dockerised earlier:

    $ kubectl apply -f deployment/mock_daps_service.yaml

Wait a bit until `httpbin`, `mockdaps` and all Istio services/pods are
alive & kicking. (If you don't have a beefy box, this will take a while,
like even 5 mins, go for coffee!)
Then you should be able to see what HTTP headers the `httpbin` service
gets to see when you `curl` a request:

    $ source scripts/cluster-url.sh
    $ curl -v "$BASE_URL"/headers

Should we have some fun with HTTP headers?

    $ curl -v "$BASE_URL"/headers \
        -H this-wont-be-dropped:cool-bananas! \
        -H header:will-be-dropped

The `header` header gets dropped from the HTTP request before it
gets to the `httpbin` service (see `ingress_routing.yaml`) whereas
any other header gets passed on. Uh? `header` header? Yep, you heard
right, the IDS header is aptly called `header` :-)

**Note**. *Header removal*. We disabled this at the moment since it
gets in the way of token validation—see [#11][gh-11].
So, much to your disappointment, the above won't work—i.e. the IDS
header won't get dropped.




[gh-11]: https://github.com/orchestracities/boost/issues/11
