Deploying the adapter
---------------------

Time to plonk in our token-buster baton wielding copper.

    $ sh scripts/populate-deployment.sh
    $ kubectl apply -f deployment/template.yaml
    $ kubectl apply -f deployment/orionadapter.yaml
    $ kubectl apply -f deployment/orion_adapter_service.yaml
    $ kubectl apply -f deployment/egress_filter.yaml
    $ kubectl apply -f deployment/sample_operator_cfg.yaml

Check the Mixer made friends with our boy:

    $ kubectl -n istio-system logs \
        $(kubectl -n istio-system get pods -lapp=telemetry \
            -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}') | grep orion

(You should see: `grpcAdapter	Connected to: orionadapterservice:43210`)

See if we can still get away with an invalid token...

    $ curl -v "$BASE_URL"/headers \
        -H header:catch.me.copper
        #  ^ the IDSA header is actually called "header"

You should get back a fat 403 with a message along the lines of:

    PERMISSION_DENIED:
    orionadapter-handler.handler.istio-system:
    unauthorized: invalid consumer JWT data

Like I said earlier, the adapter verifies the JWT you send as part of the
IDS header is valid. What happens if we send a valid token then? Here's a
valid JWT signed with the private key in the adapter's config—i.e the
`idsa_private_key` field in `deployment/sample_operator_cfg.yaml`.

    $ export DAPS_JWT=eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImRlZmF1bHQifQ.eyJpZHNfYXR0cmlidXRlcyI6eyJzZWN1cml0eV9wcm9maWxlIjp7ImF1ZGl0X2xvZ2dpbmciOjIsInBzZXVkb19zZWNvbmRfZWxlbWVudCI6Imlkc19zZWN1cml0eV9wcm9maWxlX3BzZXVkb19zZWNvbmRfZWxlbWVudCJ9LCJtZW1iZXJzaGlwIjp0cnVlLCJpZHMtdXJpIjoiaHR0cDovL3NvbWUtdXJpIiwidHJhbnNwb3J0X2NlcnRzX3NoYTI1OCI6ImJhY2I4Nzk1NzU3MzBiYjA4M2YyODNmZDViNjdhOGNiODk2OTQ0ZDFiZTI4YzdiMzIxMTdjZmM3NTdjODFlOTYifSwic2NvcGVzIjpbImlkc19jb25uZWN0b3IiLCJpZHNfc2NvcGVfcHNldWRvX3NlY29uZF9lbGVtZW50Il0sImF1ZCI6IklEU19Db25uZWN0b3IiLCJpc3MiOiJodHRwczovL2RhcHMuYWlzZWMuZnJhdW5ob2Zlci5kZSIsInN1YiI6IkM9REUsTz1GSVdBUkUsT1U9Q1RPSURTQSxDTj00ZTE2ZjAwNy1kOTU5LTRlYjItYjQ3ZC03OGRkMGM0ZWFiMGUiLCJuYmYiOjE1ODgxNjMyODMsImV4cCI6MjU4ODE2Njg4M30.dOnaOtKU6P-UM9xx_xiEaNGQhm6UFdh-AVTmL9Op6_S0LukNOnstkZVLl6yxq077QS-t0lGFjj7ofRL-q6YS2yEfK8JsZ45pynQJz-uIUo85GuHadmtuP-ODHsxFO5-qyzIXcswM8c4aTaJfW6Mi_WZ7hp2yoJPEFhlPPBwHGhExTV_vLmdTEBcGpNdK90j-rcsZSq0K5MOLAVwbQunxoke8b8DZjtIdbOwqm5l7D0banGYfKRUd3r2aFwp2OhcrSb-XeP_kFB9sYZKSimKOJOREJphrTG92XVdFu5Hls3Bwtc7i8QLJwwn-HVHHxWMD2ghzBF0mmGLodvWQNik7ww

Now we can use this convenience script to stick it into a fully-fledged
base64-encoded IDS header:

    $ export HEADER_VALUE=$(sh scripts/idsa-header-value.sh "${DAPS_JWT}")

and send the header with

    $ curl -v "$BASE_URL"/headers \
        -H "header:${HEADER_VALUE}"

The request should go through to the target `httpbin` service which should
reply with the HTTP headers it gets to see. You should be able to spot
a `header` among the response headers: this is where we plonk in the IDS
server token we generate. (No seriously, no pun intended, the response
header we output, just like the request header, is also called `header` :-)
What you see on your terminal should be similar to:

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    ...
    header: eyJAdHlwZSI6ImlkczpSZXN1bHRNZXNz...(adapter generated)...

    {
        "headers": {
            "Accept": "*/*",
            "Content-Length": "0",
            "Host": "192.168.64.4:30072",
            "Header": "ewoJIkB0eXBlIjogIm...(same as $HEADER_VALUE)...",
            "User-Agent": "curl/7.64.1",
            "X-B3-Parentspanid": "aca5010612a10730",
            "X-B3-Sampled": "1",
            "X-B3-Spanid": "04ab3dca9ad2cd85",
            "X-B3-Traceid": "4f8e24520e1dac36aca5010612a10730",
            "X-Envoy-Internal": "true"
        }
    }

Ideally, you shouldn't see the IDS client header being echoed back by
`httpbin` in the `headers` JSON object, yet there it is in all its glory.
In fact, our routing was supposed to chop that head(-er) off before
sending the request on to `httpbin` which ain't happening at the
moment—see [#11][gh-11] about it.

What goes in the adapter's output `header` is a Base64-encoded JSON object
that actually holds the identity token the adapter got back from DAPS.
Since our adapter got configured to talk to the dodgy DAPS server we
deployed earlier, if you decode the header value you should get a JSON
object similar to:

    {
        "@type": "ids:ResultMessage",
        "id": "http://industrialdataspace.org/resultMessage/1a421b8c-3407-44a8-aeb9-253f145c869a",
        "issued": "2020-01-20T11:19:47Z",
        "modelVersion": "2.1.0",
        "issuerConnector": "https://companyA.com/connector/59a68243-dd96-4c8d-88a9-0f0e03e13b1b",
        "securityToken": {
            "@type": "ids:DynamicAttributeToken",
            "tokenFormat": "https://w3id.org/idsa/code/tokenformat/JWT",
            "tokenValue": "whoopsie.dapsie.jwt"
        }
    }

Actually, except for the `id` field (which will hold a different UUID
every time) and the `issued` field (current date/time) the JSON you
get back should be the same as the above.
In fact, the mock DAPS service always returns a hard-coded ID token,
i.e. `whoopsie.dapsie.jwt`. Keen on some real DAPS action? Edit the
`daps` config in `deployment/sample_operator_cfg.yaml` to have our
adapter do mTLS with your DAPS server of choice, then

    $ kubectl apply -f deployment/sample_operator_cfg.yaml

and voila, real DAPS identity tokens will be handed to you on
a silver platter.

Up to this point we've talked about what happens when an HTTP request
from a client outside the mesh comes in. Besides processing incoming
data, Orion can also notify subscribers of state changes. When this
happens, the adapter should add a header to the HTTP request Orion
makes to notify subscribers. Again the HTTP header name is `header`
and its value, like for the response `header` earlier, is supposed
to be a Base64-encoded JSON object with a DAPS identity token. Well,
at least that's the theory. Shouldn't we check what happens in practice
though?
Since we deployed `httpbin` instead of Orion, we'll have to simulate
ourselves requests originating from Orion's pod but this isn't a
train smash. Just get a shell on that box

    $ kubectl exec -it \
        $(kubectl get pods -lapp=httpbin \
            -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}') -- bash

and install `curl`

    # apt update -y && apt install curl

Now we're ready to make an HTTP call hitting a server outside the
mesh. We'll reach out to our old friend `httpbin`, this time using
the instance at `httpbin.org`:

    # curl -v http://httpbin.org/headers

The response should be similar to

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    ...
    {
        "headers": {
            "Accept": "*/*",
            "Content-Length": "0",
            "Header": "eyJAdHlwZSI6Imlkczp...(adapter generated)...",
            "Host": "httpbin.org",
            "User-Agent": "curl/7.58.0",
            ...
        }
    }

and if you decode the value of the JSON `Header` field from Base64,
you should get a JSON object like the one we saw earlier, with a
`tokenValue` of `whoopsie.dapsie.jwt` since the adapter got the
DAPS identity token from our mock DAPS service—well, unless you
reconfigured the mesh to have the adapter talk to a real DAPS, in
which case `tokenValue` should be a real DAPS identity token ;-)

Happy days!




[gh-11]: https://github.com/orchestracities/boost/issues/11
